Tasks to answer in your own README.md that you submit on Canvas:

1.  See logger.log, why is it different from the log to console?
The logger is configired by reading the the logger.properties file which sets up logging to the console and to the file logger.log, this log takes all levels and uses SimpleFormatter
1.  Where does this line come from? FINER org.junit.jupiter.engine.execution.ConditionEvaluator logResult Evaluation of condition [org.junit.jupiter.engine.extension.DisabledCondition] resulted in: ConditionEvaluationResult [enabled = true, reason = '@Disabled is not present']
This log comes from the failed test and it reveals that the failed test is enabled and still runs ////CHECKKKK
1.  What does Assertions.assertThrows do?
It asserts that the specifc exception to be thrown is a TimerException
1.  See TimerException and there are 3 questions
    1.  What is serialVersionUID and why do we need it? (please read on Internet)
The serialVersionUID attribute is an identifier that is used to serialize/deserialize an object of a Serializable class.
the automatically-generated UID is generated based on a class name, implemented interfaces, and all public and protected members. Changing any of these in any way will change the serialVersionUID.
    2.  Why do we need to override constructors?
This way we can use getmessage and getCause in order to understand why they were thrown and the information they were thrown with
    3.  Why we did not override other Exception methods?
Other exceptions are autogenerated and imported, this one is created by us
1.  The Timer.java has a static block static {}, what does it do? (determine when called by debugger)
The static block is done first when Timer is constructed, it configures the logger 
1.  What is README.md file format how is it related to bitbucket? (https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/markdown-syntax-guide-776639995.html)
If your repository contains a README.md file at the root level, Bitbucket displays its contents on the repository's Source page if the file has the .md extension. The file can containMarkdownand a restricted set of HTML tags.
1.  Why is the test failing? what do we need to change in Timer? (fix that all tests pass and describe the issue)
The logger is reporting a time that has not been initalized, so I intialized it to system time beforehand, so there was no null error
1.  What is the actual issue here, what is the sequence of Exceptions and handlers (debug)
There is a timerException if the time is not valid, an interupped exception if the sleep is interuppted, and then prints the run time
1.  Make a printScreen of your eclipse JUnit5 plugin run (JUnit window at the bottom panel) 

1.  Make a printScreen of your eclipse Maven test run, with console

1.  What category of Exceptions is TimerException and what is NullPointerException

1.  Push the updated/fixed source code to your own repository.